Optimize abstracts of Mng AKs (CQA) (#4960)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-an-activation-key-by-using-web-ui.adoc

= Creating an activation key by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> Create an activation key and configure content view environments, system purpose, and repository overrides for host registration.

Reviewer: Same as above: system purpose is RHEL-only. You can take the macros from above.

Author: ```suggestion
ifdef::katello,almalinux,amazon_linux,centos,debian,oracle_linux,rocky_linux,suse_linux_enterprise_server,ubuntu[]
Create an activation key and associate content view environments and repository overrides for host registration.
endif::[]
ifdef::satellite,red_hat_enterprise_linux[]
Create an activation key and associate content view environments, system purpose, and repository overrides for host registration.
endif::[]
```

> You can create an activation key in the {ProjectWebUI} to set host limits, content view environments, and repository overrides before you register hosts.

Author: ```suggestion
Create an activation key and configure content view environments, system purpose, and repository overrides for host registration.
```
